CS 411 - User Story - Initial Use

First, the user is informed of the application’s core functionality: it uses the workout data of the user, analyzes it, and then creates playlists that match the user’s heart rate/cadence over the course of their average workout. Below this information, the user sees the option to log in to start using the application. 
After the user has successfully logged in [see User Login Story], the application collects the user’s workout history from his/her/their iWatch and/or FitBit data and then presents these workout data points to the user as a list, together with the notification that the user can choose to either include all of his/her/their workouts in the analysis or to select only a subset of them. The user can then click a “Select all” button or click on the individual workouts to include them in the desired subset. After this selection has been completed to the user’s desire, the user has to submit his/her/their selection by clicking a “Submit” button. If the “Submit” button is clicked but the selection does not include a single workout, the user will be shown an error message with the notification that at least one workout needs to be selected. The user will then be returned to the workout selection page.
The user will then be presented with several options: the user can choose to have his/her/their workout playlists to be created based on 

 the user’s already existing playlists from his/her/their Spotify account (with an additional option of only including songs that are actually in these playlists or of also including songs that are similar to the ones in the playlists provided). If this option is chosen, the user will be presented with a list of his/her/their playlists. The user will be notified that either all of the playlists can be used in the creation of the recommended workout playlists or that the user can select a subset of them. The user again has the option to click a “Select all” button or to click on individual playlists to add them to the desired subset.
the user’s preferred genres. If this option is chosen, the user will be presented with a list of popular genres. From this list, the user can select a desired subset by clicking on the individual genres.
the user’s preferred artists. If this option is chosen, the user can search for desired artists and add them to a list.

After the selection process has been completed, the user will again have to submit his/her/their selection by clicking a “Submit” button. If the “Submit” button is clicked but the selection does not include a single playlist/genre/artist, the user will be shown an error message with the notification that at least one playlist/genre/artist needs to be selected. The user will then be returned to the previously chosen selection page.
After all the necessary data from the user has been gathered, the user will be redirected to the home page of the application [see Before Workout User Story].

